# OJT-React

React app for OJT completion

==================================================================================================================================

I.   Introduction
II.  Color Percentage
III. Machine Learning
IV.  React App

==================================================================================================================================
I. Introduction

The react app would be used to predict whether a pretrained YoloV4 neural network would predict positive or not. The YoloV4 network to be used
is trained to detect the presence of panama disease on banana leaves, the presence of panama disease is discerned by a distinct discoloration
similar to abiotic plant stress or simply plant dehydration. The samples would be cropped banana leaves infected with Panama Disease. A python
program would be used to measure the percentage of the leaves that are showing degradation (yellowing/browning). The percentages will be used as 
the training samples for machine learning. Microsoft Machine Learning studio would be used to train and deploy the model to a web service. The
react app would use the API generated by the web service as the backend for the results.

==================================================================================================================================

II. Color Percentage

A python application would be developed to measure the percentage of degradation on an image of a banana leaf. The python application would use numpy and 
cv2 for image processing needs. The application would also feature a UI and would generate and append a csv file for its output. The csv file would contain 
percentages of degradation in the image.

==================================================================================================================================





